Foil data table files contain the force coefficient data and dynamic stall parameters for a foil to be used in the calculation. The user can specify multiple foil data table files in the CACTUS namelist input file and they are indexed in the order they appear in the namelist input file. The iSect parameter in the geometry input file identifies the index of the foil data table to be applied to each blade element section.

The foil coefficients are input as lift, drag, and pitching moment (about the 25% chord point). A maximum of 20 Reynolds number values are allowed. A maximum of 1000 angle of attack (AOA) values for each Reynolds number are allowed. The AOA data must go from -180 to 180 deg. The sign convention for AOA is such that positive AOA on a blade element is generated by positive relative flow velocity in the positive element normal direction. Note that the cross-flow turbine geometry generator provided with CACTUS creates element normal vectors in the machine inward direction. The axial flow turbine geometry generator creates element normal vectors in the machine rearward (downwind) direction at zero blade incidence angle. 

Parameter definitions and a file format example are below. Note that a number of foil data table files are provided in the Airfoil_Section_Data folder in the CACTUS source code directory.

Header
Title: Title for this foil data table. For reference only; not used internally in CACTUS.
Thickness to Chord Ratio: Thickness to chord ratio for this foil section.
Zero Lift AOA: Angle of attack (deg) at zero lift for this section.
Reverse Camber Direction: This flag allows the user to reverse the orientation of a non-symmetric foil with respect to the normal vector of the blade element section to which it is applied (set the flag to 1).

Reynolds Number Data Block
BV Dyn. Stall Model: The Boeing-Vertol dynamic stall model uses reference angle of attack values to switch from a steady attached flow state to a dynamic stalled state. While these are denoted as "stall" AOA values, they should be set back from the foil stall AOA such that the lift coefficient is still fairly linear with AOA at this point. Generally, a value 50 - 75% of the way between the zero lift AOA and the stall AOA works well.
LB Dyn. Stall Model: The Leishman-Beddoes dynamic stall model uses a reference lift slope and a critical lift coefficient value to indicate the onset of leading edge stall. The critical lift coefficient value should be approximately equal to the value of lift coefficient that would have been obtained at the foil stall AOA, had the lift coefficient remained linear with AOA (with slope given by the reference lift coefficient slope).

Force and Moment Coefficients: Foil force and moment coefficient data at angle of attack from -180 to 180 deg. (AOA, lift coefficient, drag coefficient, pitching moment coefficient about the 25% chord point).

There should be one Reynolds number data block for each Reynolds number at which foil data exists.

File Format Example

Title: AFTitle
Thickness to Chord Ratio: 0.2
Zero Lift AOA (deg): 0.0
Reverse Camber Direction: 0

Reynolds Number: 1e6
BV Dyn. Stall Model - Positive Stall AOA (deg): 10
BV Dyn. Stall Model - Negative Stall AOA (deg): -10
LB Dyn. Stall Model - Lift Coeff. Slope at Zero Lift AOA (per radian): 6.28
LB Dyn. Stall Model - Positive Critical Lift Coeff.: 1.3
LB Dyn. Stall Model - Negative Critical Lift Coeff.: -1.3
AOA (deg) CL CD Cm25
-180.0 0.0 1.0 0.0
... ... ... ...
180.0 0.0 1.0 0.0

Reynolds Number: 5e6
... 


