Configuration Inputs (&ConfigInputs namelist):

Regression Testing:
RegTFlag (int) = Set to 1 to perfom a regression test (two iterations, generates RegData.out output file), 0 for normal operation (default)

Crossflow or axial turbine calculation:
GeomFlag (int): Set to 1 for crossflow calculation, 0 for an axial turbine calculation (sets the appropriate namelist to read from below)

Wall calculation:
GPFlag (int): Set to 1 to use a ground plane, 0 otherwise

Atmosphere inputs:
rho (real): Density (slugs/ft^3)
vis (real): Dynamic viscosity (as in Re = rho*V*L/vis, slugs/(ft*s))
tempr (real): Temperature (degF)
hFSRef (real): Height of the effective freestream (99% freestream maybe) to be used in ground shear layer lmodel (ft)
slex (real): Exponent for ground shear layer model (Ex. 1/2 for parabolic laminar BL model, 1/7 turbulent approx., 0 for constant freestream)

Calculation inputs:
nr (int): Number of revolutions to perform (default: 10).
nti (int): Number of time steps per revolution (default: 16). 
convrg (real): Convergence level for the revolution average power coeff. (default: .0001). Iteration will finish before nr revs if this level is hit.
iut (int): Number of iterations between wake convection velocity updates (default: iut = floor(ut)). If iut is set to a negative number, wake 
   	convection velocities will be left at the values calculated at the time the wake element is created (no wake convection velocity updates).
ivtxcor (int): 0 to use finite vortex core with width equal to blade chord (default), 1 to not use core model

Wake convection speedup options:
ifwg (int): 1 to calc wake convection velocities using fixed grid points speedup, 0 to use all wake points (default)
ifc (int): 1 to use final convergence step, 0 to not (default). 
	FC Step consists of changing the values below if convergence is reached before nr revolutions have been performed.
	nric (int): Revolution number after which to switch to FC, if initial convergence level has not yet been achieved (optional). 		
	ntif (int): Final number of time steps per revolution. This value will replace nti during FC step.
	convrgf (real): Final convergence level (default: .0001). This level will replace convrg during FC step.
	iutf (int): Final number of iterations between wake updates (default: iutf = floor(ut)). Used in place of iut for FC step. 
		If iutf is set to a negative number, wake convection velocities will be left at the values calculated at the time the wake element 
		is created (no wake convection velocity updates).
ixterm (int): 1 to ignore wake points beyond x/Rmax = xstop, 0 to use all wake points (default)
	xstop (real): If ixterm = 1, xstop defines x/Rmax beyond which wake points are ignored (default: 5)

Dynamic stall:
DSFlag (int): 0 for no dynamic stall, 1 for Modified Boeing-Vertol model (default), 2 for Leishman-Beddoes model

Optional outputs:
Output_ELFlag (int): 1 to output full detail element loads csv file, 0 to omit this output (default)
DiagOutFlag (int): 1 to output diagnostic info to stdout each iteration, 0 to omit this output (default)


Crossflow turbine geometry inputs (&XFlowInputs namelist):

JCM: Below is a description of the input file parameters for a Darrieus type design. Also required as input are the airfoil data 
table files pointed to in AFDPath below. See TODO for description of the data format for these tables.

Title:
jbtitle (string in single quotes): Job title  

Geometry inputs (Note: elements spaced evenly in height dimension):
Rmax (real): Equitorial radius (ft)
RPM (real): Rotor rotation rate (revs per minute)
Ut (real): Equitorial tip speed ratio (Vt/Vinf)	
hr (real): Height to radius ratio 
eta (real): Blade mount point ratio ((distance behind leading edge of the blade mount point) / (chord))
CrRef (real): Reference chord to radius ratio (default: root chord)
ChR (real): Array (comma separated) of chord to radius ratio at each element end (elements ordered by increasing height). If a single value is input,
	that value will be applied to the entire blade.
nb (int): Number of blades (default: 2)
nbe (int): Number of blade elements per blade (default: 5)
nSect (int): Number of airfoil section data tables to use (default: 1)
AFDPath (string in single quotes): Array (comma separated) of section data file path strings (size=nsect)
iSection (int): Array of indicies (comma separated) corresponding to which airfoil data table should be applied to each blade element end
	in first blade (mirrored for each subsequent blade, size = nbe + 1, default: all set to 1)
hAG (real): Height above ground at base of blades (ft) 
CTExcrM (real): Additional machine level excrescence torque based on tip speed and Rmax, CTExcrM = TorqueExcr / (1/2*rho*Utip^2*Rmax^3) (default: 0)

Optional outputs:
WakeOutFlag (int): 1 to write wakeline outputs for the element indicies noted below, 2 to include average wake velocity deficit (on a plane with 
	definition that's currently hardcoded in wakedata module), 0 otherwise (default).
	WLI (int): Array (comma separated) of element end indicies for which to write wake line data. 	


Axial turbine geometry inputs (&AxFlowInputs namelist):

JCM: Below is a description of the input file parameters for an axial turbine design. Also required as input are the airfoil data 
table files pointed to in AFDPath below. See TODO for description of the data format for these tables.

Title:
jbtitle (string in single quotes): Job title  

Geometry inputs (Note: elements spaced evenly along span from HubR to R):
R (real): Radius (ft)
HubR (real): Hub Radius (ft)
RPM (real): Rotor rotation rate (revs per minute)
Ut (real): Tip speed ratio (Vt/Vinf)
Tilt (real): Rotor tilt angle (deg, positive windward axis tilted up)
eta (real): Blade mount point ratio ((distance behind leading edge of the blade mount point) / (root chord))
CrRef (real): Reference chord to radius ratio (default: root chord)
ChR (real): Array (comma separated) of chord to radius ratio at each element end (elements ordered root to tip). If a single value is input,
	that value will be applied to the entire blade. 
bCone (real): Blade coning angle (deg, positive tip into the wind (-x))
bi (real): Blade incidence (deg, w.r.t. rotor disk plane, positive LE into the wind (-x))
bTwist (real): Array (comma separated) of blade twist at each element end (deg, w.r.t root, size = nbe + 1, default: all set to 0,
	same sign as bi, elements ordered root to tip)	
nb (int): Number of blades (default: 2)
nbe (int): Number of blade elements per blade (default: 5)
nSect (int): Number of airfoil section data tables to use (default: 1)
AFDPath (string in single quotes): Array (comma separated) of section data file path strings (size=nsect)
iSection (int): Array of indicies (comma separated) corresponding to which airfoil data table should be applied to each blade element end
	in first blade (mirrored for each subsequent blade, size = nbe + 1, default: all set to 1, elements ordered root to tip)
hAG (real): Height above ground at turbine axis (ft)	CTExcrM (real): Additional machine level excrescence torque based on tip speed and Rmax, CTExcrM = TorqueExcr / (1/2*rho*Utip^2*Rmax^3) (default: 0)

Optional outputs:
WakeOutFlag (int): 1 to write wakeline outputs for the element indicies noted below, 0 otherwise (default).
	WLI (int): Array (comma separated) of element end indicies for which to write wake line data. 


